Remove tracing without limits occurrences (#13350)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/faq/trace_sampling_and_storage.md

---

<div class="alert alert-danger">

> On October 20, 2020, App Analytics was replaced by Tracing without Limits. This is a deprecated page with configuration information relevant to legacy App Analytics, useful for troubleshooting or modifying some old setups. Now, use new configuration options to have full control over your <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion">data ingestion and trace retention</a> with no sampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes deprecated features with configuration information relevant to legacy App Analytics, useful for troubleshooting or modifying some old setups. To have full control over your traces, use <a href="/tracing/trace_ingestion">ingestion controls</a> and <a href="/tracing/trace_retention">retention filters</a> instead.
```

> <br>
> Migrate to <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion"> Trace Retention and Ingestion </a> to use the new functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
